Reentrancy Counter: Update supported chains (#344)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: reentrancy-counter/README.md

## Description

This bot checks transactions for reentrancy. This is done by the bot watching the call stack in transaction traces. It then reports the number of recurrent calls with varying severity based on various thresholds.

## Supported Chains

- Ethereum
- Optimism

> - Binance Smart Chain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BNB Smart Chain
```
I did the same one but this is what they use :)

- Polygon
- Fantom
- Arbitrum
- Avalanche

## Alerts

- NETHFORTA-25
  - Fired when multiple nested calls occur to the same contract in a transaction (Reentrancy)
  - It reports all possible severities based on different call volume thresholds.
  - Type is always set to "suspicious"

>   - The metada contains the following information:
>     - The contract address where the reentrancy occurred
>     - A reentrancy counter based on how many times it occurred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The metadata includes:
    - `address`: The contract address where the reentrancy occurred
    - `reentrancyCount`: A reentrancy counter based on how many times it occurred
```
this is our current format now
